📝(doc) add mermaid graph for order workflow (#404)
openfun/joanie: docs/reference/workflows.md

# Workflows

> Here are described forkflows inherents to some of our models

Reviewer: covfefe
```suggestion
Here are described workflows inherent to some of our models
```

## Order

> The Order model has a FSM corresponding to the following schema

Reviewer: Maybe clearer to explicit the acronym?
```suggestion
The Order model has a Finite State Machine (FSM) corresponding to the following schema
```
